# Software-Security

Attached in this folder is an assignment from Module three of my Software Security class in which we had to complete a vulnerability assessment report.

The client, Artemis Financial, is a consulting company that develops financial plans for their clients. These plans include savings, retirement, investment and insurance plans. As part of a project that Artemis Financial is working on to modernize their operations, they wanted to take a look into upgrading their software security for their RESTful web application program interface. My assessment included multiple different aspects.

The first part of the assessment was to identify the types of threats based on the type of company and application we were dealing with. I believe this was done very well as I was able to identify multiple types of possible threats like input validation, cryptography, etc. I also conducted a manual review of the code which uncovered another two possible issues in the forms of missing input validation and a necessary change from @GetMapping to @PostMapping. Finally, I conducted some static testing in the form of a dependency test. This was the hardest part for me as it returned a lot of information and it took some additional research to learn how to read. Ultimately, I provided Artemis Financial with a mitigation plan with a few adjustments that could be made but the most important and easiest to accomplish was to update a few programs. This step alone would solve more than half of their issues.

I believe this was a solid approach for their needs. The use of manual review as well as a dependency check was able to find many issues and lead to a more secure application. These are great techniques to use to begin any vulnerability assessment of an online application for future projects. This github folder serves as a great resource for future employers to review the work that I am capable of performing. It includes this description as well as the actual project for review.
